my question and I just can't fathom it
is what goes on during the training
sessions at Arsenal during the week what
happens during the training sessions at
Arsenal during the week because it seems
that the first half of matches are just
written off as we don't know what we're
doing we don't know why it's not working
we don't know what the plan is or we're
not putting the plan into action every
first half over the last few games we
are just writing it off today again we
just let them play it's West Ham and
we're at home and we just let them play
zonal marking are gone to the extreme at
some point you have got to engage the
player on the ball
you can't just let them run and pass and
run and pass and think well because I'm
covering my zone that means that that's
fine I'm doing my job at some point
someone needs to put a tackle in we just
let them play they tied first half we
just let wet salmon do what they wanted
to on the ball it was embarrassing to
watch even Jack Wilshere in the first
half he was half sitting in bustling but
they weren't putting tackles in you need
to try and win the ball back at half
time
Venga comes to his senses he tells them
what needs to be done we need to win the
ball higher up we need to get it quicker
and then as soon as we win the ball we
need to play it through or through the
lines through a third and then we can
attack from there
it's so obvious and we did it so well in
the second half like we did it
brilliantly we won the ball back we
played it through their line of
midfielders and we were through near
enough on goal and we exploited it
brilliantly and in that 20 minutes in
that second half getting four goals
fully deserved we smashed him absolutely
smashed them why won't be doing that
during the first half it's chase just
unbelievable and again people come back
and say oh no credit thing good for the
halftime team talk no because he has all
week to prepare the players for this
game and for the first 45 minutes
they're clueless they are literally
clueless either they don't know what the
tactics are or they don't know or don't
care about
to implement them and that rests with
Venga but yes in the second half we
pulled it out the bag but we should be
doing it for the whole game like does
van Gogh just not realize it the games
aren't working for the majority and that
we need to do what we do well which is
press the ball up high win it back and
then counter is that from there it's
just unbelievable how we're just playing
so badly at times during the game when
there's just no need to the quality of
the actual first eleven there showed
what we can do in that twenty minutes
there is a base there to play with and
play good football they're just not
doing it consistently today sugar one
like there's no two ways about it we
should have won today and it should have
been comfortable and in the end it was
but the first half was a disgrace again
same problems same lethargic play same
just playing around slowly if you play
it around as smoothly as we do it means
that the Western players don't even need
to break into a jog to get into position
it's just so easy to defend against so
easy second hath much more bigger much
more pace much more power with the ball
back play it through the final third
we're in it's not rocket science and yet
for some reason banger can't get them
doing it from the first minute rather
than we waste 45 minutes and we go from
there big other news and I'm sure you've
all seen it now I haven't seen it yet
but the whole talk on the tube back was
how did hazard somehow kick a ball boy
in the ribs
like that's just mend or like that it's
just absolutely mental so I can't wait
to check that one out and I'm sure I'll
be google passing and talking about it
tomorrow because it's unbelievable but
in terms of the Arsenal matter the
talking point as well as the injury you
know I think Arsenal fans respected him
as Captain often stuff because it did
look bad and I still have experience of
bad injuries and you know best wishes to
that player because it looked pretty
pretty bad me and Curtis Morton from the
game account we're just watching him
like his legs just did not move like you
can normally tell if they're in a little
bit
there'll be a little bit of movement
just nothing so you know no idea was
going on there but hopefully he's
alright once he got hospital whatever in
terms of matches coming up that loads
still so this weekend we've got the
tester against Brighton & Hove and the
FA Cup but then the big one is Liverpool
at home and that's when we're gonna have
to show you the second half performance
if we go into that Liverpool game
showing the first half performance will
get done and then if we lose that game
we are looking at Europa League
struggles like there's no two ways about
it not even writing off the Champions
League but nearly rising off of Europa
League like it's it will get to that
stage if we lose against Liverpool so it
is such a massive win then who goes on
and on about consistency now is the time
to show it so I'll be behind the team
and you know I'm going to the Brighton
game on Saturday I'm going to the
Liverpool game at the weekend on
Wednesday and yeah I can't wait because
it's so important now it is so important
to get behind the team during the
matches and just hope that we can put
something on the bag and as well a
transfer would be nice because we need
people thank you very much